= Cyrus Snaps
Example photo sharing app written using RubyMotion and Sinatra. This is the API
half of the project.

== Implemented Features
* View photos shared by users
* View a map of photos shared by users
* Upload a photo and share it

== Feature Ideas
* Comment on shared photos
* Login with Facebook

== Development Setup
Install dependencies using Bundler:
<tt>bundle install</tt>

Run the local server using rackup:
<tt>bundle exec rackup config.ru</tt>

== Deploying
Deployment is handled by Heroku. Two environment variables must be set for the
Amazon S3 bucket that stores the photos: S3_KEY & S3_SECRET.

== License
Copyright (c) 2013 Bob Nadler, Jr.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
